Mark and skip particularly slow unit tests (#1001)
rigetti/pyquil: CONTRIBUTING.md

3.7 as part of the CI pipeline. But, you can run them yourself locally as well. Some of the
tests depend on having running QVM and quilc servers, and otherwise will be skipped. Thus,
to run the tests, you should begin by spinning up these servers via `qvm -S` and `quilc -S`,

> respectively. Once this is done, run `pytest** in the top-level directory of pyQuil, and the

Reviewer: ** -> `

respectively. Once this is done, run `pytest` in the top-level directory of pyQuil, and the
full unit test suite will start!

**NOTE**: Some tests (particularly those related to operator estimation and readout
symmetrization) require a nontrivial amount of computation. For this reason, they have been marked 

> as slow and are not run by default unless pytest is given the `--runslow` option. For a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
as slow and are not run by default unless `pytest` is given the `--runslow` option. For a 
```

> full, up-to-date list of these tests, you may invoke (from the base pyquil directory)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
full, up-to-date list of these tests, you may invoke (from the top-level directory):
```
